This audio narrative showcases the panic and anxiety a college student feels after waking up late for an exam. Without visuals, the use of sound plays a sole, crucial role in immersing the listener into the student’s experience. The sounds of the alarm, rustling of the sheets, and the rushed, heavy footsteps create a sense of urgency that reflects the student’s panic as he rushes to get ready as quickly as possible. One of the aspects I focused on during the audio narrative was its abrupt start featuring the alarm, which repeats a few times, leaving the listener to wonder how long it has been playing before the student finally slams the stop button. This delay allows the user to reflect on the relatable feeling of sleeping through their own alarms and the groggy moments when they wake up. The rustling of the sheets helps to show a transition between sleep and wakefulness, 
Additionally, the use of the vocal line, “Oh no! I’m gonna be late,” which I added after reading David’s peer review, allows both the student and the audience to make the realization at the same time. This moment is a turning point in the plot because it confirms what sounds have been hinting at and maybe even what the listener is thinking. The student is going to be late! Now, the sounds the listener is experiencing make more sense, helping the student’s stress feel more real and relatable. Next, the sounds of the student rushing to get dressed can be heard as he rummages through drawers.The next scene in the narrative shows the student leaving his room and slamming the door as he enters the bathroom and quickly finishes up his morning routine. The narrative continues with the student running down the stairs. Finally, the unlocking and opening of the front door marks the abrupt cut-off of the audio, signaling his frantic departure.
 I like the way the audio narrative ends because it does not give any details about whether the student makes it on time, leaving the listener to wonder if the student ended up arriving to his exam before it starts and leaving them to reflect on their own experiences, remembering the chaos of running late and the panic that it can cause. This is mirrored in the sounds the listener has experienced, the student only has time to do the bare essentials by only getting dressed and brushing his teeth, the student leaves much out of a normal morning routine. It makes it evident that the student has absolutely no time to waste on things like breakfast or coffee. These things can wait until after the exam.
